doc: nrf54h20 documentation update (#15443)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/includes/nRF54H20_erase_UICR.txt

.. note::
   Programming the nRF54H20 SoC can sometimes fail due to conflicts in the resource configuration.
   This can happen if, for example, an application programmed to the nRF54H20 SoC configured the UICRs for one or more cores in a way that is incompatible with the configuration required by the application you are trying to program on the SoC.

   To fix this error and erase the UICRs, run the following commands::

      nrfutil device x-boot-mode-set --boot-mode safe --serial-number <serial_number>
      nrfutil device erase --all --serial-number <serial_number> --core Application
      nrfutil device erase --all --serial-number <serial_number> --core Network
      nrfutil device x-boot-mode-set --boot-mode normal --serial-number <serial_number>

>    You can then run ``west flash`` to program your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can then :ref:`program your application <programming>`.
```
Also, ``west flash --erase`` is the default programming command. Is this an exception?
